Hello.
Hello Ala,
are where we supposed to be having a
Hello.
meeting today? Because I assumed.
You know, here is the deal.
You don't have to.
I think I I confused you guys because I
should have been much more clear about it.
Mhm.
If you need anything,
I'm here to answer your questions.
Otherwise,
you don't have to be here because it's a
spring break.
OK, so yeah, yeah,
the only cause what was relayed to me
from Jonah was that if you did show up,
the only really thing we needed to bring
Mhm.
across was that we were just, you know,
making progress without any real hiccups
or anything of the sort.
Mhm Yeah. So mhm.
Let me let me see if well,
he he may not pick it up.
I'm just gonna put in our personal
Discord did show up,
but it was more for if.
We had any questions rather than an
actual meeting.
And Henry is also here. And Henry,
I just saw your awesome LinkedIn post. Uh,
Oh, thank you so much.
I didn't have a chance to comment, but uh,
definitely. So you're building agents.
Yeah, yeah, I said.
I think I like it the whole thing.
So I've been doing a ton of it recently.
That's very cool.
We should have asked students to use
Thank you.
agents for this one,
but I think the tech stack for this one
Yeah, it was the right one. Even. Yeah,
I think they could still do it. I mean,
was the right one. Next time we do agents.
I'll leave it up to them, you know?
I mean, if you want that bad,
then go to distance, you know?
But I'll be very interesting to have it.
OK.
In agents.
Yeah, it could be very interesting.
Honestly, it's just good,
but I'll I'll rather focus on getting the
the deliverables done first,
then they can now entice us with with
more features like the agent.
Mhm.
OK.
Yeah, that's very interesting, honestly.
OK then I guess well I'll pop out.
I did put it in our personal like
Mm.
communication.
So if I guess if say Jonah has anything
he may want to add he can well cause he
or I guess I could wait a second to see
if cause to see if he picks up cause I I
don't really know where Jonah is at the
moment.
I don't know if he's doing, yeah,
doing what you're doing and like he's out
It's fun.
camping or doing outdoorsy stuff, so.
Yeah, our outdoors was not super outdoors,
so I was able. There was coverage,
Yeah.
which is more than.
Uh, OK.
Search.
Excuse me.
Yeah, you're gone.
Oh, let's see. Is there any?
Is there any questions in the thing I
could maybe have?
Or have all of them been?
No, I think it's in OK.
OK.
So I guess I'll just like head out since
I yeah,
I don't personally have any major
No problem, yeah.
questions and and if we if we have some
more we we can just do you know the the
Mhm.
the Excel sheet thing we've been doing.
Oh, thanks for reminding me.
I have to go and log your question that I
just, you know,
for some reason I wasn't able to update
the the document even though I could read
it.
So I think I'll just go ahead and copy my
answer into the Excel.
Mhm.
Did it make sense to oh, did you see it?
Yeah, yes, I saw your. I saw your, uh,
answer.
Did it make sense?
Yes, it made sense.
OK, good. Because, you know,
I'm just replying what I think.
And of course they may be in sunny
changes, especially since, you know,
I'm on the water on a kayak. But yes.
Yeah.
Uh.
OK.
And there is a daylight saving. Oh my God,
how do you love the daylight savings?
Alla, you're currently on water right now.
No, no, no, I'm back.
But we were kayaking yesterday in the
Oh, OK.
morning.
We were in Florida and then we were,
Oh, wow.
we were driving back and we got two tires
blown up 20 minutes away from home.
Oh.
So it kind of extended our commute to
2:00 AM because we spent three hours
Damn.
waiting for the road service.
I hate when it happens. Yeah, but anyway,
Yeah.
Hmm.
we're back.
OK.
OK, OK.
OK.
OK, then I'll *** **** out.
I hope you guys both of you have a good,
No problems.
good rest of your days.
Thank you. Same to you. Thank you.
Bye.